rock adventures played
presenting aid goal
in their quest for new beers a
an important ingredient for
fuel
our heroes left the men of the law
headed for frozen waterfalls
decided to go on a plane to hire a
pilot named beckoned boris who looked like
too with boris power 9 the remarkable spell
flight attendant called to calm down
machico natasha fatale police
the borges partner of course tightens the
belts please i wear size 36 no
worry will serve perfectly
our friends did not know but that
Belt only closed and they were stuck
in your seats forever good night
staff here your captain to senators
speaking welcome aboard the 13lugar
Salvador to cataract the coordinates of
drink who pulls what fastness what is
that
the specialty of the route is called a missile
guided early guided invasion
for you on time the day though not
just to look at you not for
long time
well then when you roast boi with
about to drink a lethal drink a
airplane hit a bag has already plummeted
We'll have it all soon.
the boys watched the liquid
shed with reason I did I am
so no more a dose
hey maybe just half a glass and I think
we should not play with this thing one
little strong for us
meanwhile the old man was already looking past
very close to a major disaster like
is doing in the rate is the lowest
very smart for us it was not even there
The tall girl from here leaving the prisoner not to
I'll see if it 's good to drive from the bank.
from behind meanwhile the submarine
loading a fuel tank
highly explosive or stolen
spies came ever closer to
your destination a foreign port in
progress was controlled by radar
two mysterious figures who are in the
exact ray george can create which
217 degrees you are sure that
that's clear is strange that my and
216 degrees
the problem garlic never made mistakes
extra extra because foreigner
mysterious blast disappears
as a result of the explosion a message
urgently went through their calling
bars Badenov calling Badenov bars
exchange
Boris area is clean without knowing that your
plan to steal secret fuel
had failed and the two levels
hurried without giving a movie our
heroes sabotaging the airplane trained the
fuel tank at rate 11 of
bronze of the transitive parachutes that I
destroy 11 manure not not I do it
It's hard, I'm good I'm sent away.
This one is already going ahead in the
we find in a few minutes and at the rate
jumped from the plane back to the booth booth
I admired the landscape when suddenly
deaf side was a project with whom you
You're dumb not to be a girl who
spent very crowded with the war
there must be some problem come help me
ai seatbelt I'm stuck
it also is not even a gentle rock luck
nothing I think we went to get good
meanwhile in the cockpit
borges gave the finishing touches to his
work of destruction
he got rid of the manche prepared to
to skip leaving a place that brings
So many good memories then when
our heroes fought to get free
of their belts the three engines stopped
do not lose our neighbor and it is about
an episode the bank divers
rear or forced landing
well I think our time is almost
ending
only time to design the
sponsors is with the credits goal
everything here in this little card
We are late again with mine.
jasguinho and until the next product